Title: Azure Data Lake and Power BI Dashboard - Blackcoffer Insights

Article Text:
AI and ML-Based YouTube Analytics and Content Creation Tool for Optimizing Subscriber Engagement and Content Strategy Enhancing Front-End Features and Functionality for Improved User Experience and Dashboard Accuracy in Partner Hospital Application ROAS Dashboard for Campaign-Wise Google Ads Budget Tracking Using Google Ads AP Efficient Processing and Analysis of Financial Data from PDF Files: Addressing Formatting Inconsistencies and Ensuring Data Integrity for a Toyota Dealership Management Firm Enhancing Data Collection for Research Institutions: Addressing Survey Fatigue and Incorporating Verbal Communication for Richer Insights AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist OverviewStone is a video bibliographic tool for journalists and other researchers. It allows users to capture, annotate and share their journeys through digital and physical space, producing verifiable logs and generating monetizeable video highlight reels that can be embedded in digital and other media – showcasing key moments and telling the story behind the story. Our mission is to address distrust and disinformation with transparency and authenticity, while simultaneously tilting the information ecosystem in favour of quality original work. Research is valuable. Make it Visible. Write In Stone. Websitehttp://www.writeinstone.comCompany size2-10 employeesHeadquartersBlackheath, New South WalesFounded2017SpecialtiesResearch Transparency, Trust, Video Content, Journalism, Proof Of Work, and Bibliographic Standards Built a Power BI dashboard as per the requirement. Also built a separate dashboard for the metric data from Azure. Power BI dashboard which contains indicators funnels, new indicators(Research logged, Average number of Highlights per projects, Total hours of content watched etc), visualizations  extracted from metric data. Difficulty in data collection. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd