Title: Immigration Datawarehouse & AI-based recommendations - Blackcoffer Insights

Article Text:
AI and ML-Based YouTube Analytics and Content Creation Tool for Optimizing Subscriber Engagement and Content Strategy Enhancing Front-End Features and Functionality for Improved User Experience and Dashboard Accuracy in Partner Hospital Application ROAS Dashboard for Campaign-Wise Google Ads Budget Tracking Using Google Ads AP Efficient Processing and Analysis of Financial Data from PDF Files: Addressing Formatting Inconsistencies and Ensuring Data Integrity for a Toyota Dealership Management Firm Enhancing Data Collection for Research Institutions: Addressing Survey Fatigue and Incorporating Verbal Communication for Richer Insights AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading business school worldwide Industry Type:R&D Services:R&D, Innovation Organization Size:100+ Objective of this project is to research and collect news article data sourcing from Canada, based on the keyword. There were 3 phases of the project. We provide them with completed Phase 1 in an excel sheet and ongoing samples for Phase 2. Also work for Phase 3 has been started in between to complete the Project as soon as possible in a best way. There is a file containing excel sheet and a word file containing a summary of the dataset and folders of text files containing samples of data from Phase 2. Python, PyCharm, Jupyter Notebook, Microsoft Excel, Google Chrome is used to complete different phases of this project Python programming language is used to do Web Scraping, Automation, Data Engineering in this project. SDLC is a process followed for a software project, within a software organization. It consists of a detailed plan describing how to develop, maintain, replace and alter or enhance specific software. The life cycle defines a methodology for improving the quality of software and the overall development process. We are using Iterative Waterfall SDLC Model as we have to follow our development of software in phases and we also need feedback on every step of the development of our project so as to keep track of the occurring changes with every step. Figure 1 SDLC Iterative Waterfall Model Data scraping, cleaning, pre-processing and creating data pipelines are used in this project. We used the traditional way of storing the data i.e file systems. There were a lot of challenges we faced during the project execution. Below are the points used to solve the above technical challenges- We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd