Title: An ETL tool to pull data from Shiphero to Google Bigquery Data Warehouse - Blackcoffer Insights

Article Text:
AI and ML-Based YouTube Analytics and Content Creation Tool for Optimizing Subscriber Engagement and Content Strategy Enhancing Front-End Features and Functionality for Improved User Experience and Dashboard Accuracy in Partner Hospital Application ROAS Dashboard for Campaign-Wise Google Ads Budget Tracking Using Google Ads AP Efficient Processing and Analysis of Financial Data from PDF Files: Addressing Formatting Inconsistencies and Ensuring Data Integrity for a Toyota Dealership Management Firm Enhancing Data Collection for Research Institutions: Addressing Survey Fatigue and Incorporating Verbal Communication for Richer Insights AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading tech firm in the USA Industry Type:IT Services:SaaS, Products Organization Size:100+ Shiphero company is an organization providing shipping solutions to vendors. The data created by shiphero for different product picking and packing time period doesn’t provide much insight into the efficiency of ship hero employees and other aspects that are needed and useful for vendors/brands to make better decisions for their business in order words the‘key’data is missing. The solution is an effort to create the missing data by the existing data as we came to know that the‘key’data can be created by involving some deep methodologies and vast logical aspects linked to it. The incoming data from shiphero company is timestamp data therefore using this sequential data we can create the missing data we need to get the required KPI’s. The overall architecture included getting data from shiphero through api doing some preprocessing and creating our‘key’through this data and populating it on Google big query. This google big query is linked to Google data studio for insights visualisation. The data coming from Shiphero is extracted every day using a cron job scheduler. Google app engine service is used to preprocess and apply a transformation to the data. Ready-to-use Google data studio Dashboard. Google app engine service-based scheduler code. Initially the approach client introduced that could be able to solve the problem directly failed to give proper results and because of that we need to come up with a solution that could be able to estimate our ‘key’ column to some extent.With the way around solution using statistics and data modelling there were a series of challenges coming that were creating a question mark for us but with keen solution building and delivering the desired results we came to solution for every challenge that arose. Statistics was the only way around for the challenges we faced because it was the data which was missing and as the incoming data was in sequential format so we were able to figure out the patterns from that and the main problem of missing data for our KPI’s Better insights into the business. Dashboards aren’t finalised but yes giving desired solutions. Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd