Title: Design and develop solution to anomaly detection classification problems - Blackcoffer Insights

Article Text:
AI and ML-Based YouTube Analytics and Content Creation Tool for Optimizing Subscriber Engagement and Content Strategy Enhancing Front-End Features and Functionality for Improved User Experience and Dashboard Accuracy in Partner Hospital Application ROAS Dashboard for Campaign-Wise Google Ads Budget Tracking Using Google Ads AP Efficient Processing and Analysis of Financial Data from PDF Files: Addressing Formatting Inconsistencies and Ensuring Data Integrity for a Toyota Dealership Management Firm Enhancing Data Collection for Research Institutions: Addressing Survey Fatigue and Incorporating Verbal Communication for Richer Insights AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A Leading Tech Firm in the USA Industry Type:IT Consulting Services:Software, Consulting Organization Size:100+ We need to create a notebook with solutions to binary classification-related anomaly detection problems. We need to use machine learning and deep learning models which have greater than 90% accuracy. We created a notebook for anomaly detection. We used 10 to 15 machine learning and deep learning models but only  3 different types of auto encoder models that were giving greater than 90% accuracy. We trained all 3 models on one classification data which have anomalies and evaluated trained models on test data. A notebook that has solutions for anomaly detection related classification problems and accuracy should be above 90%. Google colab notebooks, Tensorflow, Google drive Python programming language, Machine learning, Deep learning, Data analysis and Data visualization. Auto Encoder and Variational Auto Encoder Python, Data Analysis, Data visualization, Machine learning, Deep learning. MS Excel We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd