Title: An ETL Solution for Currency Data to Google Big Query - Blackcoffer Insights

Article Text:
AI and ML-Based YouTube Analytics and Content Creation Tool for Optimizing Subscriber Engagement and Content Strategy Enhancing Front-End Features and Functionality for Improved User Experience and Dashboard Accuracy in Partner Hospital Application ROAS Dashboard for Campaign-Wise Google Ads Budget Tracking Using Google Ads AP Efficient Processing and Analysis of Financial Data from PDF Files: Addressing Formatting Inconsistencies and Ensuring Data Integrity for a Toyota Dealership Management Firm Enhancing Data Collection for Research Institutions: Addressing Survey Fatigue and Incorporating Verbal Communication for Richer Insights AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A Leading Tech Firm in the USA Industry Type:IT Consulting Services:Software, Consulting Organization Size:100+ We have given a pure-clear API and a google cloud account. We need to fetch currency data from that pure-clear API using python and need to store fetched data in Google Cloud Bigquery. We also need to automate the above process like the process runs on a daily basis and update the currency data on Bigquery. We have created a python program that can fetch pure-clear API data. The API data was in JSON format but we needed table format so we used python package pandas. We converted json data to tabular format using pandas. After that, we connected python code to google cloud using google’s authentication module and then stored data frame (table) directly to BigQuery using the “.to_gbq” method. We also need to run the above process daily to update new data in BigQuery. For this Google cloud provides a “Cloud function” tool. In this, we can create a function and set up their running process. So we created a function and attached the above code to that function and set up a cloud function to run daily. A Google cloud function that runs daily and updates data on Google BigQuery Cloud function, BigQuery of Google Cloud, Google Colab notebook, Python programming, Pandas Python language and pandas module Python programming, Data handling, Google Cloud Google Cloud BigQuery Google Cloud Server We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd