Title: MetaBridges API Decentraland Integration - AR, VR - Blackcoffer Insights

Article Text:
AI and ML-Based YouTube Analytics and Content Creation Tool for Optimizing Subscriber Engagement and Content Strategy Enhancing Front-End Features and Functionality for Improved User Experience and Dashboard Accuracy in Partner Hospital Application ROAS Dashboard for Campaign-Wise Google Ads Budget Tracking Using Google Ads AP Efficient Processing and Analysis of Financial Data from PDF Files: Addressing Formatting Inconsistencies and Ensuring Data Integrity for a Toyota Dealership Management Firm Enhancing Data Collection for Research Institutions: Addressing Survey Fatigue and Incorporating Verbal Communication for Richer Insights AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading tech firm in the USA Industry Type:IT Services:Consulting, Software, Blockchain, Metaverse Organization Size:20+ To integrate with Metaverse environments with the help of EC2, S3 bucket and the Decentraland SDK. Move 3D model files from EC2 instance to S3 bucked using aws-sdk. Configure  s3 bucket in aws account, create an user for s3 bucket api keys, and api secret. Put the api key, aapi secret, bucket name and bucket region in environment variable to use them in app. Install aws-sdk to implement s3 bucket. Create a function to send file from nodejs server to s3 bucket. Aws ec2 instance credentials, s3 bucket credentials. Code used in the project vs code editor, git bash terminal, google chrome web browser.  Metamask wallet, cryptocurrency, blockchain, bitcoin,  metamask, metaverse, VR, AR, Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality Javascript language is used.  Metamask wallet, cryptocurrency, blockchain, bitcoin,  metamask, metaverse, VR, AR, Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality dcl SDK (Decentraland sdk for nodejs), aws-sdk, awscli. Node js project setup, Dcl sdk setup, Aws ec2 instance setup with aws cli, S3 bucket connection with aws-sdk. cryptocurrency, blockchain, bitcoin, metamask, metaverse, VR, AR, Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality No database is used AWS cloud server is used Making the application port in ec2 instance available globaly. Search few blogs and videos for the solution. And make it done by doing some change in Security group in ec2 instance. As Decentraland is a platform based of NFT so main part of business is related to NFT and cryptocurrency. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd