Title: An ETL solution for an Internet Publishing firm - Blackcoffer Insights

Article Text:
AI and ML-Based YouTube Analytics and Content Creation Tool for Optimizing Subscriber Engagement and Content Strategy Enhancing Front-End Features and Functionality for Improved User Experience and Dashboard Accuracy in Partner Hospital Application ROAS Dashboard for Campaign-Wise Google Ads Budget Tracking Using Google Ads AP Efficient Processing and Analysis of Financial Data from PDF Files: Addressing Formatting Inconsistencies and Ensuring Data Integrity for a Toyota Dealership Management Firm Enhancing Data Collection for Research Institutions: Addressing Survey Fatigue and Incorporating Verbal Communication for Richer Insights AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading internet publishing firm in Singapore and Australia Industry Type:Internet Publishing Services:peer-to-peer car sharing platform where you can rent a large variety of cars, always nearby at great value Organization Size:100+ We need to fetch last month’s call details (from user, to user, call_time, call_status ) using zendesk api. Then we need to analyse all call logs and need to identify the number of calls made by a particular user to the company and the most recent call timing from the company server. To fetch all call logs using zendesk api we used python language in programming. When we checked call details in the zendesk api, the details were in json format which is very tough to understand the calls details. So first we have fetched only needed details (call made from person, to person and call timing) converted into tabular format. In tabular format it was easy to identify call details. After that we need to identify the number of calls made by the user to the company in the last month.  We used the python pandas module here which is very fast and effective to handle tabular data. First we separated the user who made a call to the company last month and then counted each unique user’s call records. For recent dates we used python’s datetime module which can easily identify recent date time. 2 python scripts VS Code, Google Drive, and MS Excel. Python programming language, Data Analytics with numpy and pandas, python datetime. Data Analytics,, Python, Mathematics local data from MS Excel Sheet Here are my contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd