Title: Google Local Service Ads (LSA) Data Warehouse - Blackcoffer Insights

Article Text:
AI and ML-Based YouTube Analytics and Content Creation Tool for Optimizing Subscriber Engagement and Content Strategy Enhancing Front-End Features and Functionality for Improved User Experience and Dashboard Accuracy in Partner Hospital Application ROAS Dashboard for Campaign-Wise Google Ads Budget Tracking Using Google Ads AP Efficient Processing and Analysis of Financial Data from PDF Files: Addressing Formatting Inconsistencies and Ensuring Data Integrity for a Toyota Dealership Management Firm Enhancing Data Collection for Research Institutions: Addressing Survey Fatigue and Incorporating Verbal Communication for Richer Insights AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading Marketing firm in the USA Industry Type:Marketing Services:Marketing consulting Organization Size:100+ Automated tool to extract daily review data from Local Service Ads dashboard for all clients. Get list of companies to monitor along with their LSA URL Use Selenium automated browsing to open the review page for each company. Web scrape the data from the review page Prepare report Upload to database An automated tool that runs daily and extracts and uploads review data for all companies. Selenium Heroku Sheets API BigQuery Python Data extraction, cleaning and summarising. Web scraping. BigQuery –  LSA_Review_db Heroku Using Selenium to automate web browsing since it takes a large amount of RAM. Using the proper type of dynos and managing their allotment to lower both costs as well as memory usage. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd