Title: Auvik, Connectwise integration in Grafana - Blackcoffer Insights

Article Text:
AI and ML-Based YouTube Analytics and Content Creation Tool for Optimizing Subscriber Engagement and Content Strategy Enhancing Front-End Features and Functionality for Improved User Experience and Dashboard Accuracy in Partner Hospital Application ROAS Dashboard for Campaign-Wise Google Ads Budget Tracking Using Google Ads AP Efficient Processing and Analysis of Financial Data from PDF Files: Addressing Formatting Inconsistencies and Ensuring Data Integrity for a Toyota Dealership Management Firm Enhancing Data Collection for Research Institutions: Addressing Survey Fatigue and Incorporating Verbal Communication for Richer Insights AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A Leading Tech Firm in the USA Industry Type:IT & Consulting Services:Software, Business Solutions, Consulting Organization Size:200+ Get statistics such as uptime,  availability, cpu throughput etc. from Auvik and Connectwise and make a dashboard from it in Grafana. Unlike many technologies for which plugins are readily available in Grafana, there are none for auvik and Connectwise. So our task was to device a solution through which all the data from Auvik and Connectwise can be fed to Grafana. This data then would be used to plot graphs in Grafana. Grafana Postgres Vs Code AWS Postman Python bash Python networking Data visualisation Postgres Amazon Web Services (AWS) Since, the data received from Auvik was in Json fromat, our first approach was to use Grafana’s built-in Json plugin. But this wasn’t working since, the data received from Auvik was multi-dimensional when the Json plugin required One dimensional data. The above challenge was addressed by transforming the multi- dimensional data into one dimensional when it was store in a python variable. This transformed data was then inserted into Postgres. https://github.com/AjayBidyarthy/Henry-Pardo We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd