Title: Marketing, sales, and financial data business dashboard (Wink Report) - Blackcoffer Insights

Article Text:
AI and ML-Based YouTube Analytics and Content Creation Tool for Optimizing Subscriber Engagement and Content Strategy Enhancing Front-End Features and Functionality for Improved User Experience and Dashboard Accuracy in Partner Hospital Application ROAS Dashboard for Campaign-Wise Google Ads Budget Tracking Using Google Ads AP Efficient Processing and Analysis of Financial Data from PDF Files: Addressing Formatting Inconsistencies and Ensuring Data Integrity for a Toyota Dealership Management Firm Enhancing Data Collection for Research Institutions: Addressing Survey Fatigue and Incorporating Verbal Communication for Richer Insights AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama AI Bot Audio to audio Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways Rise of Cybercrime and its Effect in upcoming Future AI/ML and Predictive Modeling Solution for Contact Centre Problems How to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application? Code Review Checklist Client:A leading retail firm in Australia Industry Type:Retail Services:e-commerce, retail business, marketing Organization Size:100+ Bringing in data from many sources(Google Analytics , ServiceM8 and Xero etc.) and making Business Dashboard KPIs in Wink Report. For building Business Dashboards in Wink Report , collect data from the following sources – Explore/analyze the underlying data tables from each Data Source. Make useful reports using different tables from different data sources based on client’s requirement. Set up formulas in each report to calculate desired fields. Add a custom visualization to each report for making dashlets. Add dashlets to newly created dashboards. For collecting the data from the sources (ServiceM8 , Xero , Facebook , Google Ad) native connectors have been used , available in the Wink Report. It fetches the following data/tables from around the given data sources – Data Pipeline: For collecting data from Communiqa website (https://www.communiqa.com.au/) , web scraping has been used as there is no connector available for Communiqa to Wink Report. By scraping Communiqa , we get the following data – Then , we have merged different tables from different sources to get desired reports. Store all reports belonging to the same dashboard in a separate folder. Do this for all the dashboard , then setup formula for calculating desired fields. Add appropriate visualization to each report for each folder. Then , finally add all dashlets belonging to the same folder to a newly created dashboard. Below are the services that we provided to client after completion of this project – Wink Report       We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd